README.md, before:

# Mailster for WooCommerce

Contributors: everpress, xaverb  
Tags: mailster, newsletter, ecommerce, leads  
Requires at least: 3.8  
Tested up to: 6.0  
Stable tag: 1.6  
License: GPLv2 or later

## Description

### Add your WooCommerce customers to your Mailster subscriber lists

> This Plugin requires [Mailster Newsletter Plugin for WordPress](https://mailster.co/?utm_campaign=wporg&utm_source=WooCommerce+for+Mailster)

Read more about the add on on our [knowledge base](https://kb.mailster.co/mailster-and-woocommerce/).

## Screenshots

### 1. Option Interface

![Option Interface](https://ps.w.org/mailster-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Product List Meta Box

![Product List Meta Box](https://ps.w.org/mailster-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-2.png)

### 3. Example Checkbox on Checkout

![Example Checkbox on Checkout](https://ps.w.org/mailster-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-3.png)

## Changelog

### 1.6

-   new: option to disable WooCommerece style in email

### 1.5

-   fixed: use of deprecated method on order object
-   updated markup of signup checkbox
-   now requires WooCommerce 3.0 or above

### 1.4

-   new option to skip checkbox for registered users

### 1.3

-   fixed: admin url in referer

### 1.2

-   updated file structure
-   additional checkbox positions

### 1.1

-   added: option to choose position of checkbox on the checkout page
-   wrapped checkbox in label tag for better UX

### 1.0

-   Initial Release

Commit message:

-   added coupons to supported post types -   added coupons to tags list

README.md, after:

# Mailster for WooCommerce

Contributors: everpress, xaverb  
Tags: mailster, newsletter, ecommerce, leads  
Requires at least: 3.8  
Tested up to: 6.0  
Stable tag: 1.7  
License: GPLv2 or later

## Description

### Add your WooCommerce customers to your Mailster subscriber lists

> This Plugin requires [Mailster Newsletter Plugin for WordPress](https://mailster.co/?utm_campaign=wporg&utm_source=WooCommerce+for+Mailster)

Read more about the add on on our [knowledge base](https://kb.mailster.co/mailster-and-woocommerce/).

## Screenshots

### 1. Option Interface

![Option Interface](https://ps.w.org/mailster-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Product List Meta Box

![Product List Meta Box](https://ps.w.org/mailster-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-2.png)

### 3. Example Checkbox on Checkout

![Example Checkbox on Checkout](https://ps.w.org/mailster-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-3.png)

## Changelog

### 1.7

-   added coupons to supported post types
-   added coupons to tags list

### 1.6

-   new: option to disable WooCommerece style in email

### 1.5

-   fixed: use of deprecated method on order object
-   updated markup of signup checkbox
-   now requires WooCommerce 3.0 or above

### 1.4

-   new option to skip checkbox for registered users

### 1.3

-   fixed: admin url in referer

### 1.2

-   updated file structure
-   additional checkbox positions

### 1.1

-   added: option to choose position of checkbox on the checkout page
-   wrapped checkbox in label tag for better UX

### 1.0

-   Initial Release
